Show a little something in return?
President Lǐ, you’re too polite
We
Will definitely not
Betray President Lǐ’s trust
In our upcoming cooperation
We’ll absolutely cooperate actively
And deliver great products
Those are all empty words
Can’t we do something
More practical?
President Lǐ, saying that
What’s practical?
You bastard
Don’t play dumb when you know exactly what I mean
Are you going to give it or not?
It seems President Lǐ
Is quite forgetful
Forgetting Vice President Wáng’s fate
How could you?
Daring to openly demand a bribe
Tell me
If I report this
To the chairman of Dì Háo Group
Between you and Vice President Wáng
Who’d end up worse off?
President Qín
I drank too much
You’re
A magnanimous person
Don’t take it to heart
I’m going to sober up
Have fun
I’m stepping out to sober up
That bastard
Daring to humiliate me in public
We’re not done